This package contains files needed to run a flashproxy facilitator.
Normal users who just want to bypass censorship, should use the
flashproxy-client package instead.

For instructions on building/installing this package from source, see
INSTALL. (This should only be necessary if your distro does not already
integrate this package into its repositories.)

For instructions on setting up and running the facilitator, see
doc/facilitator-howto.txt.

== Overview

The facilitator consists of a backend server that is essentially a
dynamic database of client addresses, as well as helper programs that
receive client registrations from the Internet over various means and
pass them to the backend. There are three supported helper rendezvous
methods: HTTP, URL, and email.

The HTTP rendezvous uses an HTTP server and a CGI program. The HTTP
server is responsible for speaking TLS and invoking the CGI program. The
CGI program receives client registrations and proxy requests for
clients, parses them, and forwards them to the backend. We use Apache 2
as the HTTP server. The CGI script is facilitator.cgi. The backend is
facilitator.

The email rendezvous uses the helper program facilitator-email-poller.
Clients use the flashproxy-reg-email program to send an encrypted
message to a Gmail address. The poller constantly checks for new
messages and forwards them to facilitator-reg.

facilitator-reg is a simple program that forwards its standard input to
a locally running facilitator-reg-daemon process.

facilitator-reg-daemon accepts connections containing encrypted client
registrations and forwards them to the facilitator. It exists as a
process of its own so that only one program requires access to the
facilitator's private key.

The URL rendezvous uses the helper program flashproxy-reg-email. The
helper program doesn't actually make a registration; rather, it prints
out a URL which, when retrieved, makes the registration.

fac.py is a Python module containing code common to the various
facilitator programs.
